# HyperCities: Thick Mapping in the Digital Humanities Reflection

After reading the chapter on Mapping Events/Mapping Social Media, I thought about how social media has changed the landscape. Because I'm someone who grew up with social media, I don't really think of the impact that it makes. Seeing how it can give voice to people who are silenced, reveal patterns in data, or see individual experiences, you can see how powerful it is. As I read about the protests in Egypt and how it gives a voice to the protestors, the idea of fake news on social media also came to my head Thus, I was glad when the chapter addressed how social media could be used for authoritarian means and be manipulated to amplify misinformation on a global scale. It was also so interesting to read about HyperCities Now and how they curate data in different ways in order to expand the concept of the public sphere and how knowledge is being democratized. Bringing what I read into what we're experiencing now with Covid-19, social media has definitely been a way for us to gain knowledge about the subject, from when it first originated to vaccines that are being produced. I remember that when Covid-19 first broke out and people were unsure about how serious the situation was, there were people from Wuhan documenting and posting online videos and articles of what they're experiencing. This helped spread in giving them a voice, even if the government did not want the news to spread. However, I also know that there has been an abundance of fake news, with some people I know believing that the vaccine is bad due to infographics and news they saw on social media.

**Question**

How do we better democraticize knowledge while still ensuring that the knowledge you are gaining is trustworthy?
